[WHOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> My name is Darryl Anka.
I am the channel for an
entity known as Bashar.
I am also a writer,
producer, director.
As a young boy, I've always
been artistically inclined.
I could start drawing as soon as
I could pick up a pencil, when
I was 2-years-old.
But I had an incident that
happened at 3-years-old
that I didn't remember
until much later in my life.
And I was playing in the living
room of my parents' home.
And I was-- one of those things
where kids make a fort with
a card table and a blanket--
I was underneath it.
I was drawing.
And what appeared
to me in mid air
was this whirlpool of
light, just hanging there.
Now as a child, I didn't
think anything of it because I
didn't know what was
normal and what wasn't.
But my perception is that there
was somebody communicating
to me through that, as if it
was a window to somewhere else.
For me, that became
what I would consider
to be the inciting incident
that indicated that there was
some kind of an
agreement here that
was going to unfold at
some point in my life, that
had to do with the channeling.
But it didn't really get
triggered until 1973.
In 1973, I was in
my early 20s, when
on two occasions in broad
daylight, a week apart,
I had two very close UFO
sightings with friends
with me both times.
The first time was only
about 125 feet away.
The second time was only
about 60 or 70 feet away.
Some kind of an advanced
technological ship.
No sound.
Being able to move
in unusual ways.
You don't think much of
it until you actually
see something yourself.
And then your whole
world turns upside down
because those things weren't
supposed to really exist.
But seeing something
like that solidly
made me realize that things
were much different than we
were being told.
So I wanted to find
out more about it.
I started doing the
research, finding any book.
I could on UFO sightings.
And at that time in 1973,
the metaphysical section
in bookstores wasn't very big.
You could probably find
everything on one shelf.
There was UFO stuff.
There was psychic stuff.
There was channeling
stuff. mostly
"The Seth Material"
at that time,
was becoming pretty popular.
So I read all of that,
and I started just
digesting all of this stuff.
And realizing that there was,
sort of, a whole other world
going on here.
10 years after the
sighting, I was
introduced to a channel
who was conducting seminars
at the time.
I went into the
class not because I
thought I wanted to be a channel
in any way, shape, or form.
But I was curious as to how
channeling could be taught.
Because I just assumed
it was something
that just sort of happened
to you out of the blue.
But I wanted to
further my research
so I went into the class.
And it was a series of
different guided meditations.
And it wasn't like
you were necessarily
expected to have to
channel with an entity.
But it was about getting in
touch with your creative side,
your own higher mind--
however you wanted to
use the meditations.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
But about halfway
through the course,
we were in a particular
guided meditation
being given by the entity
through the channel.
Something happened
that I can only
describe as a kind of an instant
telepathic contact from Bashar.
It was like somebody just shoved
this information in my head
in a split second.
I instantly remembered making
an agreement before this life
to do this with him.
I understood the UFO had
been shown to me by him,
to get me to start doing the
research that I needed to do.
So when it came time to
fulfill the agreement,
I would have enough information
to not be afraid of it.
To be somewhat understanding
of what was happening.
And the message
basically was now
you know it's time to begin,
is this something you still
want to do?
It was a choice.
Now all of this happened
in a split second.
It's like somebody
just took a DVD
and just shoved it in your
head, and suddenly, you've
got the whole story.
And I thought OK,
am I hallucinating?
Is this a side effect
of the meditation?
I didn't know what was going on.
But the second this
was happening--
because I hadn't said
anything out loud--
the entity stopped
talking to the class,
and turned right to me.
And said there is an
entity here for you
right now, if you're
ready to begin.
And in that same moment, I
happened to glance behind me
at one of the other
classmates had somehow
picked up on the image of
Bashar I saw in my head.
And she was sketching it on
a piece of paper-- his face.
So I said, OK, this is
not just my imagination.
There's something going on here.
I guess I'll just
keep exploring,
and see what happens.
So by the end of the
next class, a woman
named Margot Chandler who
was doing the first thesis
paper for her doctorate on the
connection between psychology
and channeling, asked me
to be one of the subjects
that she could study
to write her paper.
And so I would go to her house.
She would invite friends, I
would sit there and channel.
She would take her notes,
and write her paper.
Well, the first week, it
was like five friends.
Well the next week,
there was 10 friends,
and then there would be 20
friends, and 30 friends.
And then we had to start
renting auditoriums
to get all the people in.
And as soon as people in other
cities and other countries
started hearing the
tapes, they started
inviting me to travel to
their city or their country.
And here I am, 36 years
later, still doing this.
So in a nutshell,
that was my journey
as to how I wound up where
I am right now, channeling
this entity that we call Bashar.
Good to day to you.
[NON-ENGLISH] How are you all?
[APPLAUSE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I'm his past self, he's a future
self as we look at linear time.
Bashar is not the entity's name.
In their reality, they're
telepathic with each other,
they don't need names.
But he knew we needed
to call him something.
I am half Irish and half
Syrian, my father's side
is Middle Eastern.
It is a Middle Eastern word.
I didn't speak the language, I
still don't speak the language.
And I actually had to be told
two or three years after I
started channeling,
when somebody did speak
the language, they
came up to me it said,
do you understand
what Bashar means?
And I said no, I have no idea.
He said it actually
is a Syrian word,
it means messenger or
bringer of good news.
So I said, OK, I get it.
He had to choose something out
of my background somewhere that
is at least representative
of what he is doing.
And allows us to
give him a name,
even though it's not
literally his name.
And this is part of
these breadcrumbs
that he drops for me
throughout my life that
are a puzzle that
is just personally
for me to pull together.
But at least it allows
us to identify with him
in some way, shape, or form.
And allow him to have a
normal back and forth.
This, for us, is
how contact begins.
By the dissemination of ideas,
reflections, and information
that give you the opportunity
to absorb them at your own pace,
in your own timing, at
your own discretion.
For we force no ideas upon you.
The feeling of
connecting with Bashar
telepathically is,
like, I can describe it,
like, it's a vibrational
resonance that
is a particular frequency that
I recognize as not my own.
Or at least, a much
bigger part of me.
And I sort of liken it to
the idea of two tuning forks.
When you start one vibrating,
if they're keyed to each other,
then the other one starts
vibrating in harmony.
And as soon as they
start matching frequency
and vibrating together,
that's kind of what it's like.
So the channeling class,
as I understood it,
ultimately was training you to
shift your brainwave frequency
to a point where you
go into a state called
gamma, which is about 40 to 45
or 40 to 100 cycles per second.
But I stay in the range of about
40 to 45 when I'm channeling.
And then Bashar
makes an adjustment
in his brainwave frequency.
And somewhere in
the middle, we lock.
And as we vibrate
together, what you get
is a translation of his
thoughts into the language
that I'm programed with.
So the idea of channeling is
not possession or anything
like that.
It is a synchronization
of frequencies
that allow you to have the
same thoughts at the same time
as whoever you are vibrating
on the same wavelength with.
First and foremost, you are
always manifesting something.
If you were not,
you wouldn't have
an experiential physical
reality, correct?
Correct.
So the idea is you do not
have to learn how to manifest,
this is automatic.
It's Bashar's perspective
that if we understand
the nature of reality,
the nature of existence,
we'll understand
our nature better.
Our relationship to existence.
Why we're here.
Why we experience
reality the way we do.
He is letting us know
that there is a way
to take all of the
different things
that people have been
talking about on Earth
for thousands of years
that might be considered
philosophies or more recently,
new age concepts and-- no pun
intended-- bring
them down to Earth.
In the sense that
we are often left
with new age concepts that
sound wonderful, but what do
they mean?
What you are simply
learning is how
to manifest more consciously.
To be more aware of how you
manifest so that you can
manifest what you prefer,
instead of manifesting
your unconscious beliefs.
For example, one of the concepts
you hear constantly in new age
thought, or whatever you want to
call it, is follow your bliss.
Act on your passion.
Live your dreams.
Now that is a wonderful
sentiment, and it sounds great.
But where's the practical side
of understanding that concept?
How do you do that?
How do you go about
really living your bliss,
and knowing that you'll be OK,
knowing you'll be supported?
He takes that concept--
follow your passion-- and
he starts breaking it down.
Well, what is that?
What is that state of being?
What is that feeling?
You can think about
things all day long,
you can talk about
them all day long.
But if you're not
willing to actually act
on something that is supposed
to be representative of who you
are, what your truth really
is, who the person is that
you truly were created to be--
if you don't on that, you're
not speaking the language
of physical reality.
Everything is
fundamentally neutral.
Life is meaningless.
You're the one that's
designed to give life meaning.
If you give situations
a positive meaning,
you will get a beneficial
positive effect.
If you give them a
negative definition,
you can only get an effect
that is representative
of negativity, such as
struggle, strife, difficulty,
and obstacle.
What you put out is
what you get back.
He's saying physical reality
is basically like a mirror.
We're creating our reality.
It's a projection of
our consciousness.
Even a lot of our physicists
are beginning to say this now
that they understand
there's not really
a physical world out
there, it's in here.
And it's a
translation of energy.
It's a translation
of our consciousness.
And so when you think of
physical reality like a glass
mirror, you start to realize
that what you're experiencing
is a reflection.
And it gives you an opportunity
to use the mirror as a guiding
mechanism to say,
well, do I prefer
what I'm getting back here?
Or is there something I would
like to change about this?
And Bashar takes it
down fundamentally
to the idea of belief.
What you believe to
be true, what you've
been taught to
define and believe
as true for you is what you
experience your reality to be.
Because it can only give you
back what you're giving out.
To him, that is a
law of the universe.
He gives you that as a literal
tool so that when you finally
reveal them to yourself
m you can actually
see that you've
probably picked them up
from your parents, your friends,
your society, your school.
They probably have
nothing to do with you.
And now that you
see that it really
has nothing to do with
you, the belief kind of
becomes nonsensical.
It takes on this illogical tone.
And as soon as it
does, it vanishes.
And the behavior changes, the
emotions change, the thoughts
change, the experience changes.
We call this the
rubber band analogy.
Fret not, despair not
that you have experienced
that degree of darkness,
that degree of limitation,
that degree of negativity.
Because the farther back into
darkness you pull the rubber
band, when you
finally let go, it's
going to fly that much
faster and that much farther
into the light.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The thing that I
love about Bashar
is because he says that he
actually is a physical being,
he understands
physical reality, he
experiences physical reality.
He understands how you
have to take those concepts
and ground them into physical
reality into a form of physics.
A toolkit that we can
actually physically
apply and get an effect.
And by him explaining what
the tools are in that kit,
we have tools we can
apply to physical reality
and actually get an effect.
Every single one of you
talks about the idea
of applying some sort
of tool or technique
to make changes in your lives
in a positive and constructive
way.
And we have had many
discussions with many of you
about the idea of exactly
what sort of tools to apply.
And how to apply them.
And how to get a result. And
how to get a manifestation.
So by letting go of all
the negative beliefs,
fear-based beliefs, questioning,
doubting-- all that-- you
start relaxing into the flow.
Then after two
years, it actually
starts to uplift you and
energize you when you're done.
I kind of liken it to
the analogy of if you're
standing in the
ocean and let's say,
you're about waist
deep in the water.
And a wave comes
along, and you get
that feeling where
it's suddenly just
buoys you up off the
ground for a moment
and sets you back down--
it was literally like that.
I suddenly shifted
from feeling like I
was trying to get the energy to
come through to where suddenly,
I was just riding the wave.
I stopped wondering what was
going to come through worrying.
Whether it was going
to be accurate.
Worrying whether it was
going to sound crazy.
All that stuff had to go away.
And I had to just get to
the point of realizing
this is something
that is happening
for a beneficial reason.
I can't judge it.
I have to trust that it is
doing what it needs to do,
and that the person
who's asking a question
is getting something out of it.
You have to get all
of that negativity
out on the table in
front of your face
so that you can consciously
decide what kind of a world
you really prefer to have.
When I channel, I'm
aware that there
is a communication going on.
I don't really hear the
words because I'm sort of
lost in this dynamic daydream.
I can't really pay
attention to the translation
that's coming out because
that's secondary to what
I'm receiving.
I'm receiving these telepathic
concepts in a very dynamic,
energetic way that allows me to
experience imagery and emotion
that's so all-encompassing
that if I were to pay attention
to the translation-- which
is for the person asking
the question--
I would take myself out
of the altered state.
It's sort of similar to
the idea that if you're
having a very deep daydream
and somebody walks in the room,
and they have to call your name
three times before you even
understand somebody's
talking to you--
it's like that.
[MUMBLING] It's very muffled,
nothing to do with me.
And therefore, it's not what
I'm paying attention to.
Anyone who is following
their passion, who's
doing what they love to
do, who gets in that zone,
and sometimes even
in a deep meditation
goes into the gamma state--
I did a channeling with my head
wired to a brainwave machine,
EEG machine.
And there were
many unusual things
that happened in my brain
during that channeling state.
One of the most
profound things is
that there are certain
centers of the brain that
are responsible-- supposedly--
for processing the personality.
During the channeling state, my
personality center is shut off.
So if I'm not there,
who's speaking?
The other thing we
found out is that there
are certain things
in brainwave patterns
that are called set points,
that are not supposed
to change throughout
your lifetime
unless you have some kind
of massive head injury
or something.
The set point when I
channel changes in seconds,
and that's not supposed
to be possible.
So there are some
definitive things
that we were able to demonstrate
to prove that channeling
is a real altered state.
But the most important thing
we wanted to get across
is that everyone does this.
And it's just about
redefining what channeling
is that will allow people
to get into that state
when they need to be
more creative, to be more
connected to themselves, to
process information and energy
in a more efficient way.
The telepathic contact
still brings with it
a definitive feeling of a
different level of energy.
And it took me a good two years
to get used to that, to where
it wouldn't tire me out.
Because when you have a higher
frequency of energy suddenly
opening up through
your neurological net,
you find that there are
resistances within you.
Because of your
own belief systems
or just what you've been
taught to think about the world
and how things work.
And you have to suddenly
realize things work
in a very different way.
So it's all based on belief.
It's all based on consciousness.
It's all based on vibration.
It's all based on resonance.
It's all based on
state of being.
That's why we say
circumstances do not matter,
only state of being does.
In terms of my background,
how I was raised, part of that
helped.
I still did have to let go of
things that were associated
with the specific
religion I was raised in,
which was Catholic because
my mother was Irish Catholic.
But the thing that
was interesting
and what I discovered when
I mentioned the woman who
was doing the doctoral
thesis and she had subjects,
I believe there were 13 of them.
And 12 of them
were ex-Catholics.
So there is something
about the Catholic religion
that allows for mystery
beyond what you can see.
And I think that helped
form a foundation of well,
sure this might be possible.
It doesn't really contradict
what I was taught as a Catholic
in terms of reaching
out into the cosmos,
and understanding that
you can make connections
with other kinds of mysteries.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The story of my people
began in a parallel reality,
on an alternate
version of Earth.
The humans on that Earth
were technologically far
in advance of the humans
in your civilization.
However, they became focused
on technology and intellect.
Over generations, they lost
connection to their humanity.
But in doing so, they slowly
destroyed their environment.
In a last desperate attempt
to perpetuate their species,
they moved underground, and
began to clone themselves.
But discovered that their
DNA was no longer viable.
They are in a
parallel dimension.
So we can't see
their star system
without making a shift to
their parallel reality,
just as they wouldn't
be able to perceive ours
without making a shift to
our reality, vibrationally.
But they do describe
their world, their people.
They are what are called a
hybrid artificially created
race.
They are genetically
connected to us.
Their world, which in their
ancient language which
they no longer use, is
called Essassani, which
means place of living light.
It is similar to Earth,
it's a little smaller.
Has more water, more oxygen,
a little less gravity.
They said we could, if we made
the shift to their reality,
be relatively comfortable
on their planet.
They're about 5 feet tall.
They have very pale skin.
They're very thin.
The males don't have
hair, the females do.
They said it tends to be white,
though there are exceptions.
They have much larger
eyes than we do.
Smaller noses, smaller
mouths, smaller ears.
Their heads are slightly
larger than ours.
They are a typical hybrid,
kind of a combination
of human that we
understand ourselves to be
and the beings that have
been called the grays.
And are the result of what
has been typically called
the abduction experiences,
where people have reported
them creating hybrid beings.
Bashar says his
civilization is one
of the races that was created
from this particular agenda
of hybridization.
But because they feel we
are connected genetically
and our family, they are
also willing to share
this information with us to
help us in our evolution.
Because we've helped them
come into being, as well.
Their lifespan, in
general, as they've
explained that on average
is about 300 years,
although there are
people on their planet
who do live longer.
Bashar himself has said that his
own father is well over 1,000.
And they are, in
his family line,
they have been and are being
what they call first contact
specialists.
So one of the
reasons he's actually
contacting us is
because that's actually
what he does for a
living, is he contacts
different civilizations
when he feels
they are ready to begin
to make first contact
with their civilization.
Just as his father
did before him.
Until such time as they feel
it's right to actually make
open physical
contact with us, this
is the first stage in their
mind of making contact
with another civilization.
Because it allows
them the opportunity
to share information,
to share ideas,
to share perspectives
that can be
radically different
than the way we think.
And see what we do with that.
They don't want to
force themselves on us.
They don't want to change
our society in any way
that we don't want it to change.
We took a lot of the images
I see about him, his planet,
and used computer graphics to
put them in the "First Contact"
documentary.
So we're giving
people the chance
to see what I'm
seeing in my head
when he's describing
these things.
In that way, I have
seen him and his world.
We've had those kinds
of interactions.
Hopefully, one day,
it would be nice
if we could actually take a
visit and go to his reality,
and walk upon the
surface of his world.
They don't actually build major
structures on their planet.
They build spaceships that
can hold hundreds of thousands
of people, if necessary.
So in their reality, their
spaceships are their cities.
The planet was
terraformed for them
specifically so it was
given to them as their home.
And they basically leave it
in the most natural state
they possibly can.
They might erect a temporary
building here and there
for various purposes, but it
usually goes away after a time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Because we are genetically
connected to you,
we are family.
For we are, in that
sense, your descendants,
and you are your ancestors.
And thus, our deep, deep
connection to you as family
is profound.
By interaction through open
contact our family grows.
We expand each other.
We support each other.
We grow together.
And together, we grow into
something that neither of us
individually can ever become.
They see us evolving.
And one day, again,
if open contact
is going to be something that
we choose to have with them,
they will present themselves.
They will live one day among us.
And we will become a larger
society and in a sense,
a galactic society with them.
When we absorb and apply the
information that they give us,
it changes our frequency.
And it helps us change
our frequency of energy
to something closer to
the level they exist on.
So it makes us more
vibrationally compatible
with their society.
So that when the time comes to
actually interact face-to-face,
there will be less difference,
there will be less shock
to our system--
so to speak.
Because they operate on a
very high level of energy.
He's sort of likened it
to the idea of saying,
we're like a very
slow turning gear.
They're like a high speed gear.
If you jam those gears together,
you're going to strip them.
But if you can get this gear to
turn faster, then they'll mesh,
and it'll be easier
on our society.
Because they don't want to
do anything to damage us,
whatsoever.
They're certainly willing to
invite us to join the party,
but we can refuse
the invitation.
It's totally in our hands.
Contact is an ongoing
experience and part
of the natural evolution
of you, as a species,
from what you may loosely
call Homo sapiens to Homo
galacticus.
We are not just talking
about having open contact
with humans.
Open contact is with
all life on your planet.
And you will become
truly, one society
in a variety of differences
that are validated and supported
to form a true harmony
and unity upon your world.
He doesn't care whether
you believe him.
He doesn't care whether you
take the information and use it.
He leaves that
completely in your hands.
Because he has his own life to
live, he doesn't need yours.
He's not asking
you for your power.
He's attempting
to get you to tap
into your own
self-empowerment, and live
your life to the fullest.
Because it makes everything
better for everyone everywhere.
The simplest way
he's explained that--
and I know this sounds a
little bit like a riddle,
but if you think about
it deeply enough,
it actually appears to be true--
that which exists cannot become
that which does not exist
because by definition,
non-existence doesn't exist.
That's its quality,
to not exist.
So that which does exist
can't become nonexistent.
So if you don't get
something in this experience,
you'll get it somewhere else.
Therefore, they have
no rush, no hurry.
They're sharing.
It's up to you.
It's your pace,
it's your timing.
They leave it in your hands.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
As the relationship between your
world and other world grows,
you will venture out
to the stars yourself.
And you will visit other worlds.
And you will become their UFOs.
I think the idea behind all of
this-- the hope, so to speak--
is that when people take
this information to heart,
start realizing that
it actually does
make a difference in their
lives when they apply it,
we can co-create
the kind of world
we say we've always preferred.
In essence, heaven on Earth.
It's the way they live.
And they're giving us an example
of the way we could live.
Because he said if
you realize that there
are an infinite number
of parallel realities,
it means there are
an infinite number
of parallel versions of Earth
that coexist simultaneously
right now.
So he's basically
saying you never
actually change the world
you're on, you change yourself.
And you shift
yourself incrementally
to different versions of
Earth that already exist,
that are more and more and more
reflective of the change you
make within you.
People may still exist on
the world you left behind.
But you may never
interact again.
Because they may actually be
on another vibrational level
of Earth that exists
simultaneously with the one
you've shifted to.
And when you think
of yourself as
an indestructible
eternal infinite being,
nothing is ever really lost.
True unity is the product
of absolute validation
of all of the individual
differences between you.
Because each of
you was made to be
a unique piece of the puzzle.
And like a piece of
a puzzle picture,
if you are the shape
you were made to be,
then you will fit with all
the other unique shapes.
And together, form
one big picture
that will support
all the pieces,
even as the pieces
support the whole picture.
You will all fit, and
play a beautiful song
that will surround your world.
And in that bubble, will you
find the harmony and unity
that you seek.
If I had to distill everything
that Bashar has ever said down
into one simple message,
it would probably
be the age old
saying, know thyself.
Be authentic.
Be your true self.
Live your true life.
Understand what it means
to act on your passion.
Because that is your
magnetic compass
needle pointing to
your magnetic north.
Know who you are,
and live who you are.
Because the most
difficult thing is
to actually try and
be someone you're not.
[MUSIC PLAYING]